1.) On branch master
Your branch is up to date with 'origin/master'.

Untracked files:
  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)

        docs/

nothing added to commit but untracked files present (use "git add" to track)

2.) 8, git rev-list --all --count

3.) Date:   Mon Sep 28 15:32:11 2020 -0400,  git log README.md

4.) Git branches help make dividing up work easier into smaller tasks and makes project tracking easier.
    Git branches also don't require the use of storage / memory overhead.

5.) Git log is used for reading through commited work and the project / file's entire history, while
    git status only will display information about the current staging area and information about files
    ready to be added and commited. 

6.) git log Vehicle.h , will show you the commits of file Vehicle.h.

7.) Use command: git log --grep="file" .

8.) Inheritance is when a class adopts the properties of another class.
    Polymorphism is the ability for an object to do different things based upon what it is acting upon.
    Encapsulation is the concept of hiding data from other data structures in OOP. Examples of encapsulation
    are private, protected and public.

9.) The main difference between the "Dictator and Lieutenants" and "Integration Manager" workflows is in the
    Integration Manager workflow, the developer's push their changes to a public repository, which is accessible to
    the Integration Manager. Whereas in the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow the developers push directly to an
    assigned Lieutenant repository and it is further passed on to a Dictator, who is the only one who can interact with
    the Blessed Repository.

10.)With 100 developers it would be a lot easier to manage the changes with a hierarchy of lieutenants co-operating 
    together and sending their changes to a dictator to be passed onto the Blessed Repository. Other than 100 
    developers pushing their changes in an unsynchronized way to the same Blessed Repository, all at random times,
    making for a very disorganized workflow.

